 
Riddhi Singla | Female, 23 
Contact No. 8824736846| 
 E-mail ID: Singlariddhi030@gmail.com |  Postal Address: Rohini  IMS UC Campus Ghaziabad 
 
EDUCATION 
PGDM 
Institute of Management Studies, Ghaziabad 
7.9 CGPA (1 Year) 
2024-2026 
BBA 
IIS University, Jaipur 
71% 
2023 
Class XII 
Mayoor School, Ajmer 
88% 
2020 
Class X 
Mayoor School, Ajmer 
73% 
2018 
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS 
   Certifications 
● Event Management, IIS University, Jaipur 
2021 
2025 
● Clikd Workshop  
WORK EXPERIENCE & INTERNSHIPS 
Emporis 
Organisation (7th 
July 2023-15th 
September 2023) 
● Served as a Human Resource Intern 
● Assisted HR team in end to end recruitment process for various organisational goals 
● Sources and contacted potential candidates through Naukri and other job portals. 
2023 
● Conducted telephonic interviews to screen candidates and assess their suitability 
● Scheduled and coordinated personal interviews between short listed candidates and hiring managers. 
Seva Satkar 
Foundation 
Role (15th May 
2025-15th July 
2025) 
● Served as a Human Resource Intern 
● Built connections with college placement coordinators to promote and facilitate internship opportunities 
● Scheduled and coordinated interviews while maintaining smooth communication with candidates and 
coordinators. 
● Prepared offer letters and internship proposal to clearly define roles and expectations for selected 
interns. 
● Organised orientation sessions to familiarise interns with the organisation mission , culture and work 
process. 
2025 
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY 
Institute of Management Studies 
Core 
Member 
(HR Club) 
● . Coordinated internship-related activities, collaborating with HR professionals and startup founders to 
explore opportunities for students. 
● Assisted in planning awareness drives and informative sessions, guiding students about recruitment 
processes. 
● Facilitated communication between club members, faculty, and recruiters to ensure smooth execution of 
HR initiatives. 
 
2025 
Event Head  
(Connect 
Club) 
● Planned and conducted networking meetings with startup industry experts and HR managers to bridge 
student–corporate interaction. 
● Maintained strong professional relations with company representatives, acting as the primary point of 
contact for placements and internships. 
● Led orientation sessions to familiarize students with available internship roles and application 
requirements. 
 
2023 
Leader 
(NSS) 
● Organized public welfare and social outreach programs, including blood donation drives, plantation 
drives, and awareness campaigns. 
● Coordinated with NGOs, student volunteers, and local authorities to execute impactful community 
service events. 
● Led awareness activities on education, health, and environment, encouraging active student participation 
and social responsibility. 
 
2021
-
2024 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
 
Cultural Events 
 
 
2024
-25 
●  Participated in college cultural fests and inter-college competitions.   

 
● Organized and managed cultural events as part of college committees.  
Social Impact 
 
2023 
● Active participation in NSS activities like blood donation drives, plantation drives, and  
social awareness campaigns.  
●  Volunteered for NGO or community service initiatives.  
2023 
 
 
Other Engagement  
● Anchored or hosted events during school and college functions.  
● Coordinated with peers and faculty to organize academic and cultural activities. 
 
 
